renamed images to media, added CI/CD content (#47)
cagov/caldata-mdsa-training: docs/data-transformation/dbt/pt-v-environments-jobs-ci-cd-and-custom-schemas.md

- **Improve code quality:** CI checks can help you to improve the quality of your code by identifying issues like duplicate or dead code and potential security vulnerabilities.
- **Establish a house style:** CI checks can enforce various code formatting rules and conventions that your team has agreed upon.

We usually set up git repositories so that PRs cannot be merged to `main` unless these checks pass. This can sometimes feel annoying! However, CI checks shouldn’t feel too painful or like a box-checking exercise. They are intended to be a routine and helpful part of the development process.

> When interpreting CI results, namely failures, you want to take an investigative approach. In GitHub, you can click on the "Details" for a failing check. Those details should tell you which check failed and even where.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When interpreting CI failures, you want to take an investigative approach. In GitHub, you can click on the "Details" for a failing check. Those details should tell you which check failed and the logs should contain any error messages.
```
